the first day of the 49th edition with a
beautiful expectations we are
accompanying a beautiful night and he
considered that until now in these
unthinkable so good hoping that
that tomorrow continue with the same success as the
first night and with a show of
first quality like what we are
demonstrating at this time and after
that was written in the application for
tonight of course and today we have
had a define as we have not had
never with a thousand horsemen grenadiers to
horse an anniversary really
the independence of the party as
we had planned five days that we are going to
put in value that story
where yesterday and the present diamond
with a united and united people
screaming at him the cries of cry of
freedom I think we're already really
doing is coming out as really what
we plan with this beautiful
January 3 inaugurating the season of the
popular festivals calendar
argentina the national festival of
rider and folklore is a classic 49
editions and 50 the next year
golden weddings not so with big
expectations with very good frame
public with very good weather and the best
folk groups of our country
just happened to pass tonolec in this
moment we should ask for the rider and what
which are also the choreographies
representation about the history of
artigas and the free peoples so
So far everything is happening
really with a barbarous success it's worth
diamond country is doing the
representations of the entire history of
general artigas and everything that was the
village of the cavalry to get to
that the eastern congress living
Colombia of the peoples with the
independence not only from Spain
but of all foreign domination
I think all the spectators are
take a clear idea of ​​that
story I said because for the
entrerrianos
and for those of us who were with the
peoples the moment of independence by
this cry of freedom for tomorrow the
second night the stellar presence of
Jorge Red one of the soloists more
acclaimed from Argentina's folklore as well
that we expect a lot of people and monday
Tuesday and Wednesday until Wednesday 7
that this forty-ninth lasts
edition of the festival with very good
billboard with many reservations in what
It is plated with the best genetics in the country
and with all the edge that this has
festival as in craftsmanship the
typical gastronomy there really is a lot
to see each one that comes here this
diamond festival has many
things to see and do what it means
for you as a quartermaster
It has been reflected in the country through
public television
this was the quantitative leap
because diamond has qualitatively
a festival of the very first line but
we always stayed with the people of the
region to all the locals and not
We could get to the country
I think that the public tv is not
allowing this festival that
there really is no simile anymore
only as entrerrianos but as
Argentineans can be seen in every corner
from the country I'm really very
grateful to the public tele to the
efforts that have been made since the
province so that diamond is at
same level of any festival
national
d
for sale
This on your leg is on your margins
from the river
the country that we long for
yours